     Malin: hello
     Iines: hellohello again!have you read th instructions
     Malin: Yes, I just finnishedNot easy
     Iines: no hahaintits an interesting one!
     Malin: Yes. So, do you have any concrete thoughts regading who is expendible
     Iines: not really yaeeti mean oall of them seem to be per*people you want to saev*save
     Malin: Yes. I agree.I mean, the logical thing would be age, but that is also difficult. We hasve*have a pregnant woman as well.
     Iines: yeah, i think she shouldbt be thrown uoout al*at least
     Malin: YI
     Iines: th
     Malin:  
     Iines: e
     Malin: a
     Iines: n
     Malin: g
     Iines:  
     Malin: r
     Iines: a
     Malin: e
     Iines: ls
     Malin: e
     Iines: o Tom Derkins with experience on flying he balloon seems too important but maybe they dont rea*need him in order to land safely?
     Malin: Yes, How hard can it be, really?
     Iines: oh yeah it saisays that they're about to crash into a ou*mountain
     Malin: Oh, then that argument is dead.I was thinking about the cancer reearcher. ow likely is it that all of his research dies with him? Ar e
     Iines: exactly my thought!
     Malin: So, he is praobblu a nice guy, keen on saving people, and he probably want s to save the t these peole as well...
     Iines: ture*true! one question you could discuss is if it is more worth saving these three persons compared to curing maybe millions of peoplethen again I 'm not sure if we need to have that discussion :D
     Malin: I know! That is hoorrible. I mean, in history we have mso many situations when such thouhts have prevailed, but I dont like it. Who knows thatr he will actually save them?
     Iines: exactlyand it will become this theoritical discussion about whats better but I think if ywe just focus on saving these three lives it'll be good Interesintg also how we havent even talked about Heather Sloane the kid
     Malin: I agree. i t feels wrong to sacrifize? a kisd. Hoewever, I am not sure her weight will save the rest...
     Iines: ydah that true as wlel*e*well
     Malin: Haha, we rock atv spelling!
     Iines: D: oh no veven a wrong emoji :Dno *now i got it right
     Malin: Great!
     Iines: its a really different feeling to y*use this kind of chatt ol i fe
     Malin: y
     Iines: el
     Malin: e
     Iines:  
     Malin: s
     Iines: like i beome fmore insecure writer
     Malin: Yeah, im not used to sending of text with eerrors...So. Do you agree that they should throw out Nick?
     Iines: Yeah, lets throw him outor i mean they will thro w him outi think that is the only logical answer actually 
     Malin: Yes. If otit wasent for the ballon pilot's skills h i would otherwise have said that they scould for example throe the dice in order to decide, but that is not possible here
     Iines: Yeah I wonder though if he could teach the prodicgy kid how to steer the balloon? and then he could be thrown outee*seems a b
     Malin: M
     Iines: it
     Malin: a
     Iines:  
     Malin: y
     Iines: harsh 
     Malin: b
     Iines: may
     Malin: e
     Iines: be
     Malin: , but the conditions is not the best for theaching. 
     Iines: that
     Malin: A
     Iines: s t
     Malin:  
     Iines: rue
     Malin: hysterical pregnant wife, upcoming mountains... fear. Better to trow the doctor out odf the ballon*oon
     Iines: y
     Malin: '
     Iines: eah 
     Malin: We didn't talk about the fact that the sloans ate friends with him though. 
     Iines: Ah, yea that could be a bit awkwards*awkward
     Malin: If this was up to them, I think they might have threwn the girl out
     Iines: true and it doesnt really say that the gilr would be to too light in order to save the others if she was thrown out
     Malin: Hmmm, so now we are supposed to consider what is more valuable". Music, or hard science...
     Iines: ...I guess lbut i would just imagine that the doctor would sort of offer to be thrown out himself
     Malin: I think so too. i mean, he is not going to sacrifice a kid, right? 
     Iines: noe *nope id ont think so
     Malin: So, then we agree that Nick should be thrown out, unless he jumps himself?
     Iines: Yes! I think thats it
     Malin: Great. Agreed. i hope he forgives us..
     Iines: Yes! and someone aelse (maybe the musical prodigy) will rever forget hwhat Dr. Rivers did and will cure everyones cancer in the futrure
     Malin: Yes, that sounds likely. She skips the fiddle and starts doing medical research at age 10.
     Iines: EhWhat a lovely end to this awful tradegy
     Malin: Yes. I hope I will not encouneter sich*such dilemmas IRL
     Iines: No me neitheror like having to decide if you would nee d to eat someone I 've read those kind of stories when a place crashees somewhere for example, and people are left to surivve without eanytig 
     Malin: Yes, i don't tink I would have the strenght to eat someone. I hope I wouldnt, but i guess when you are really rerally hungruy... you don't know wat you will do
     Iines: yeah your anumal instincrs take over
     Malin: So for how long do you think we should continue this?
